how did we end up here this
or smells like balls we had it all you
were a movie star remember who is this
guy used to be Birdman I like that
poster
you wrote this adaptation I did yet and
you're directing and starring in your
adaptation that's ambitious
are you afraid people will say you're
doing this play to battle the impression
that you're a washed-up comic strip
character absolutely no that's why 20
years ago I said no to Birdman for
Hold'em as long you do my platform now
you're about to destroy what's left of
your career you know I'm right
some nice Hey so why'd you try to rest a
little bit
face it dad you're doing this because
you're scared to death like the rest of
us that you don't matter and you know
what you're right
you don't baby can you understand me now
sometimes I get a little mad
don't you know no wanna laugh you know
when things go wrong listen to me I'm
just your the ritual man doesn't make a
comeback that's what I'm talking about
your bird there you are God a film yeah
great while her music is Hollywood
clown in a lycra board suit yes he is
but he's going out on that stage and
risking everything is about being
respected and validated remember that
you told me I got a chance to do
something right I can't take it
you're the people what they want
let's go back one more time and show
them what we're capable of
that dude you pick and rock